Hi, welcome to the specialization and
information visualization.
My name is Enrico Bertini and I am your
main instructor for the specialization.
I am an associate professor at
the NYU Tandon School of Engineering, and
I have been doing research and teaching
in this area for many, many years.
I am also the co-host of a popular
podcast called Data Stories,
where I talk together with Moritz Stefaner
about data visualization and
anything related to data.
So, my guess is that if you're
watching this video, you've probably
heard of visualization, and
you've also noticed that in recent years,
it grew really,
really a lot in popularity.
So some of the areas
where you may have seen
visualization growing are data journalism.
So there are lots of newspapers
that produce amazing graphics
like The New York Times, Washington Post,
Financial Times and so on.
Another area is vendors and products,
as you saw there are lots of new products.
For instance, Tableau, Qlik,
and open source projects.
Very popular ones like ggplot2, D3,
and a lot of new ones
coming basically every day.
There is also a very thriving
scientific community with new
conferences coming up every year.
Lots of publications at research
labs growing all around the world.
And finally, in data science,
visualization plays a very,
very major role.
And some of the major startups and
companies out there tend to have
strong data visualization groups.
Notable examples are Uber, Netflix,
Capital One, and many others.
So, typically persons who are trying
to learn visualization, or are learning
visualization skills, can use these
skills in many, many different areas.
So, as I said, in data science,
in data journalism.
You can also become
an independent designer,